okay so I've just had my going
streetluge alleys about to show me the
deep which has a massive shark in it
which I'm very excited about yeah so
this is the deep and it's pretty simple
you with the with the ds4 you basically
have r2 which will fire a flagon okay
that's kind of all the controls that you
need will that save me if I'm about to
get it might not save you this time
around so when you put the headset on
I'll give you the ds4 and then when
you're ready just hit options to
calibrate and then it's gonna go
straight in so let's get the headset on
again oh that's comfortable at the front
yep
headphones coming on cool sure those are
over your ears okay so here's the
controller cool so just look for words
and press options option yeah and enjoy
the ride
I will this is something I've always
wanted to do in real life go diving with
a shark there you go
so this is just the short version alley
there's like a longer version it's there
I like the shot it's a while to it well
the longer version you actually do more
at the top of the surface okay like a
scanning and tagging feature because
you're a salvage diver okay and we've
got these drones that kind of fly around
and pick things up that you can scan but
this this we're just dropping you
straight in in the action at the bottom
oh wow oh man it's like they can oh here
it is
this is incredible you can just turn
your head in it I'm gonna lose sigh oh
my god that's absolutely terrifying oh
my god
the sense of immersion is absolutely
amazing Oh have some Flair oh wow that
is absolutely incredible so Ali do you
know if this is this shark to scale yeah
Wow yeah real worth scale you can even I
can look over the edge then how far can
lean out here and I can look
that's incredible there he is down there
waiting on areas down there I could I
literally cannot see anything outside of
this cage here I've lost side the solid
god area Wow
it's unbelievable it's absolutely
massive I don't know how how much you
guys can see on the screen at home but
actually being in this thing
this shark is enormous jeez it's Wow
Oh God this is unbelievable
this is where I'm getting that weird
kind of sense that when you stand on the
edge of something and your legs just
kind of feel like they want to give way
where's it gone Oh God where is it oh
there it is I'm feeling quite vulnerable
now I can't even see my feet
I've got where's it gone I've lost sight
of it now Wow I can just see I can even
kneel down
man
the immersion just really is
unbelievable thanks Wow Wow
you don't need to peel that money to go
to Australia and do it now you can just
do it like this Wow Ali thank you very
much that's amazing I was absolutely
right the headphones and then release
the headset Oh you survived to tell the
TAS incredible yeah how is that that's
it that was amazing like you literally
couldn't see anything outside of I had
no vision outside of that shot its
proper immersion but there's two very
different experiences that show you the
the broad range that Morpheus can
deliver so well it was amazing guys glad
you enjoyed it can't wait for you all to
check out Morpheus if you want to see
more videos from me 3 make sure you
check out the channel of glam so your
loads coming out through the week and
also make sure you subscribe
you